Initilize XB manually with JavaScript #6996 (#1842)
craftercms/docs: source/by-role/developer/common/experience-builder.rst

The easiest way to integrate XB with your JS application is by putting attributes on each HTML element that
represents a model, field or item of a CrafterCMS content type and then invoking XB initializer.

> To initialize XB, the following needs to be added to your code:
> 
> .. code-block:: js
> 
>     import { fetchIsAuthoring, initExperienceBuilder } from '@craftercms/experience-builder';
> 
>     // Check if we're in authoring
>     fetchIsAuthoring().then((isAuthoring) => {
>        // If we're in authoring, initialize XB
>        if (isAuthoring) {
>           initExperienceBuilder()
>        }
>     })
> 
> Remember that we need an object parameter for the ``initExperienceBuilder`` function with the following keys/values:
> 
> .. code-block:: js
> 
>     initExperienceBuilder({ isAuthoring, path, modelId });
> 
> Note that ``modelId`` is an optional key/value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initialize XB, you need to invoke the `initExperienceBuilder` function. This function receives a single argument which gets passed down to the [ExperienceBuilder component](link to #experiencebuilder). See argument details on the ExperienceBuilder component section.

At a minimum, you need to supply the `isAuthoring` boolean flag, together with either a `ContentInstance` or the `path` for the main model to initialize XB with.

For example, a simple application that uses the UMD bundle for XB, this would look something like this:

.. code-block:: js

    <script defer src="/studio/static-assets/scripts/craftercms-xb.umd.js"></script>
    <script>
      // Run when XB script has been loaded, as it is deferred.
      document.addEventListener('craftercms.xb:loaded', () => {
        // Determine if we're on authoring using `fetchIsAuthoring` utility. Remove/replace if you determine whether it is authoring/delivery through some other mechanism.
        window.craftercms.xb.fetchIsAuthoring().then((isAuthoring) => {
          // If we're in authoring, initialize XB
          isAuthoring && window.craftercms.xb.initExperienceBuilder({ isAuthoring, path: '/site/website/index.xml' });
        });
      });
    </script>

In contrast, in an npm project setup, this might look something like this:

.. code-block:: js

    import { fetchIsAuthoring, initExperienceBuilder } from '@craftercms/experience-builder';

    // Determine if we're on authoring using `fetchIsAuthoring` utility. Remove/replace if you determine whether it is authoring/delivery through some other mechanism.
    fetchIsAuthoring().then((isAuthoring) => {
       // If we're in authoring, initialize XB
       if (isAuthoring) {
          initExperienceBuilder({ isAuthoring, path: '/site/website/index.xml' });
       }
    });

```

The easiest way to integrate XB with your JS application is by putting attributes on each HTML element that
represents a model, field or item of a CrafterCMS content type and then invoking XB initializer.

To initialize XB, you need to invoke the ``initExperienceBuilder`` function. This function receives a single argument which gets passed down to the :ref:`ExperienceBuilder component <ExperienceBuilder>`. See argument details on the ExperienceBuilder component section.
At a minimum, you need to supply the ``isAuthoring`` boolean flag, together with either a ``ContentInstance`` or the ``path`` for the main model to initialize XB with.
For example, a simple application that uses the UMD bundle for XB, would look something like this:

> .. code-block:: js

Reviewer: Is there HTML highlight? That should highlight correctly both the tags and the JS inside script.
